Document more partner SDK-related stuff (#372)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/application.mdx

</Alert>

### Social SDK Release Object

###### Social SDK Release Structure

| Field             | Type                                                                             | Description                   |
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| version           | string                                                                           | The version of the SDK        |
| release_date_time | ISO8601 timestamp                                                                | When the SDK version released |
| artifacts ^1^     | array[[social SDK release artifact](#social-sdk-release-artifact-object) object] | The SDK artifacts             |

> ^1^ Only provided in [Get Social SDK Release](#get-social-sdk-release) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^1^ Only included when fetched from the [Get Social SDK Release](#get-social-sdk-release) endpoint.
```

| application_id  | snowflake                                                                                                               | The ID of the application                                                |
| provider_type   | integer                                                                                                                 | The [type of the identity provider](#application-identity-provider-type) |
| client_id       | string                                                                                                                  | The ID of the primary provider client                                    |
| oidc_issuer_url | ?string                                                                                                                 | The primary URL of the OpenID Connect Issuer                             |
| clients         | array[[application external identity provider client](#application-external-identity-provider-client-structure) object] | The provider clients                                                     |

> ###### Application External Identity Provider Client Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Example Application External Identity Provider Configuration
```

}
```

### Social SDK Release Object

###### Social SDK Release Structure

| Field             | Type                                                                                | Description                   |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| version           | string                                                                              | The version of the SDK        |
| release_date_time | ISO8601 timestamp                                                                   | When the SDK version released |
| artifacts ^1^     | array[[social SDK release artifact](#social-sdk-release-artifact-structure) object] | The SDK artifacts             |

^1^ Only included when fetched from the [Get Social SDK Release](#get-social-sdk-release) endpoint.

### Social SDK Release Artifact Structure

| Field        | Type    | Description                 |
| ------------ | ------- | --------------------------- |
| download_url | string  | The SDK download URL        |
| filename     | string  | The filename                |

> | size_bytes   | integer | The size of file (in bytes) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| size_bytes   | integer | The size (in bytes) of the file |
```

| metadata?          | map[string, string] | Object mapping [application role connection metadata](#application-role-connection-metadata-object) keys to their `string`-ified value (max 100 characters) for the user on the platform a bot has connected |

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/social-sdk/releases">
  Get Social SDK Releases
</RouteHeader>

Returns a list of social SDK releases.

###### Response Body

| Field          | Type                                                           | Description                   |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| releases       | array[[social SDK release](#social-sdk-release-object) object] | The SDK releases              |
| latest_version | string                                                         | The latest version of the SDK |

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/social-sdk/releases/{release.version}">
  Get Social SDK release
</RouteHeader>

Returns a [social SDK release](#social-sdk-release-object) object for the given version.

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/applications/{application.id}/social-sdk/enable">
  Enable Social SDK
</RouteHeader>

> Enables social SDK for the given application and applies the [`SOCIAL_LAYER_INTEGRATION_LIMITED` application flag](#application-flags) to the application. Returns a 204 empty response on success.

Reviewer: also doc disable social sdk ep

###### JSON Params

| Field                | Type   | Description                       |
| -------------------- | ------ | --------------------------------- |
| name                 | string | The name of the game              |

> | business_email       | string | The business email (max 320)      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| business_email       | string | The company business email (max 320)      |
```

- It must have links to its Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
- It must have an install link
- All its team members must have a verified email and MFA set up, with the team owner additionally having to undergo identity verification

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/social-sdk/releases">
  Get Social SDK Releases
</RouteHeader>

> Returns a list of social SDK releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the currently available social SDK releases.
```
"a list of" implies return type

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/applications/{application.id}/social-sdk/enable">
  Enable Social SDK
</RouteHeader>

Enables social SDK features for the given application, applying the [`SOCIAL_LAYER_INTEGRATION_LIMITED` application flag](#application-flags). Returns a 204 empty response on success.

###### JSON Params

| Field                  | Type    | Description                                     |
| ---------------------- | ------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| name                   | string  | The name of the company (1-100 characters)      |
| business_email         | string  | The company business email (max 320 characters) |
| game_or_studio_name?   | string  | The name of the company (max 100 characters)    |
| game_or_studio_url?    | string  | The URL of the company (max 512 characters)     |
| email_updates_consent? | boolean | Whether to receive emails about the social SDK  |

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/applications/{application.id}/external-identity-provider-configurations">
  Get Application External Identity Provider Configurations
</RouteHeader>

> Returns a list of [application external identity provider configuration](#application-external-identity-provider-configuration-object) objects for the given application.

Reviewer: broken link

>
  Create Application External Identity Provider Configuration
</RouteHeader>

Creates or updates a configuration for the given external identity provider type.

###### JSON Params

| Field           | Type                                                                                                                    | Description                                  |
| --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| clients         | array[[application external identity provider client](#application-external-identity-provider-client-structure) object] | The provider clients                         |
| oidc_issuer_url | ?string                                                                                                                 | The primary URL of the OpenID Connect Issuer |

<RouteHeader
  method="DELETE"
  url="/applications/{application.id}/external-identity-provider-configurations/{identity_provider_type}"
>
  Remove Application External Identity Provider Configuration
</RouteHeader>

> Remove configuration for given external identity provider. Returns a 204 empty response on success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes the given external identity provider. Returns a 204 empty response on success.
```

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/applications/{application.id}/can-delete">
  Get Application Undeletable Reason
</RouteHeader>

> Returns a reason why application cannot be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a reason for why an application cannot be deleted.
```
